Create new opentelemetry-jaeger-propagator library (#1487)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry-jaeger-propagator/README.md

![OpenTelemetry — An observability framework for cloud-native software.][splash]

[splash]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/main/assets/logo-text.png

# OpenTelemetry Jaeger Propagator

> [`Jaeger`] propagator integration for applications instrumented with [`OpenTelemetry`]. Jaeger exporter functionality can be found in the `opentelemetry-jaeger` crate until this functionality is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Jaeger`] propagator integration for applications instrumented with [`OpenTelemetry`]. To export telemetry to Jaeger, use the opentelemetry-otlp crate.
```
